1.Java programming language 
	Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, 
	and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to 
	let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA),
	meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. 
	Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that can run on any 
	Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture and as far as i know in this language 
	all types are object type amd the developer don't need to define the actual type for each variable.
2.c++ programming language
	C++ (pronounced see plus plus) is a general purpose programming language that is free-form and compiled. 
	It is regarded as an intermediate-level language, 
	as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features. It provides imperative, object-oriented and 
	generic programming features.
	C++ is one of the most popular programming languages and is implemented on a wide variety of 
	hardware and operating system platforms. As an efficient performance driven programming language it is used 
	in systems software, application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server and client 
	applications, and entertainment software such as video games. Various entities provide both open source and 
	proprietary C++ compiler software, including the FSF,
 	LLVM, Microsoft and Intel. C++ has influenced many other programming languages, for example, C# and Java. This 	language
	count very much on the reability of the developer and "believes" in all of his actions and gives him a big 		number of 
	opportunities.
3.PHP programming language
	PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development 
	but also used as a general-purpose programming language. PHP is now installed on more 
	than 244 million websites and 2.1 million web servers. Originally created by Rasmus Lerdorf in 1995, 
	the reference implementation of PHP is now produced by The PHP Group. While PHP originally stood for Personal 		Home Page,
	 it now stands for PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, a recursive backronym.
	PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page: 
	PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file to 		process data. 
	It has also evolved to include a command-line interface capability and can be used in standalone graphical 		applications.
4.Pearl programming language
	PEARL, or Process and Experiment Automation Realtime Language, is a computer programming language designed for 	multitasking and real-time programming. 
	Being a high-level language, it is fairly cross-platform. PEARL supports both fixed-point and floating-point 		numeric values, character and character 
	string data as well as bit values. It also provides facilities for structures and multi-dimensional arrays. 		Both typed and untyped pointers are also 
	supported, along with typecasting.
5.Python programming language
	Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language.[14][15][16] Its design philosophy 		emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows 	programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code 	than 	would be possible in languages such as C.[17][18] The language provides constructs intended to 	enable 	clear programs 	on both a small and large scale.[19]
	Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional 	programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic 	type system and automatic memory management 	and hasa large and comprehensive standard library.[20]
	Like other dynamic languages, Python is often used as a scripting language, but is also used in a wide range 	of non-scripting contexts. Using third-party 	tools, such as Py2exe, or Pyinstaller,[21] Python code can be 	packaged into standalone executable programs. Python interpreters are available for many 	operating 	systems.
	The main diffenrence between c# and Java is that the first one is object orentated language and the other is 	script language, in C# you have to define the types of the variables, in java all is object and you dont have 	to do this. C# VB J#, F# they all use one platform and this is Microsoft.Net and this makes them very close. 	As far as I know PHP is for web development and some craphical applications.